reg*: improve pages (#12301)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/reg.md

`reg {{command}}`

> - View documentation for adding existing and new keys and subkeys:

Reviewer: Adding existing keys? What does that mean?
```suggestion
- View documentation for adding or overwriting keys and subkeys:
```

`tldr reg {{add|copy|load}}`

- View documentation for deleting keys and subkeys:

`tldr reg {{delete|unload}}`

- View documentation for searching, viewing, and comparing keys:

`tldr reg {{compare|flags|query}}`

> - View documentation for exporting and importing registry keys preserving the key ownerhips and ACL:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- View documentation for exporting and importing registry keys preserving the key ownerships and ACLs:
```

`tldr reg {{export|import}}`

> - View documentation for saving and restoring registry keys not preserving the key ownerhips and ACL:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- View documentation for saving and restoring registry keys not preserving the key ownerships and ACLs:
```
